Page 160

(TS//SI//NF) blarney Exploits the Social Network via
Expanded Facebook Collection

By [ NAMCRfDACTeo | on 2011-03-14 0737

(TS//SI//NF) SSO HIGHLIGHT - BLARNEY Exploits the Social
Network via Expanded Facebook Collection

(TS//SI//NF) On 11 March 2011, BLARNEY began delivery of
substantially improved and more complete Facebook content.
This is a major leap forward in NSA's ability to exploit
Facebook using FISA and FAA authorities. This effort was
initiated in partnership with the FBI six months ago to
address an unreliable and incomplete Facebook collection
system. NSA is now able to access a broad range of Facebook
data via surveillance and search activities. OPIs are
excited about receiving many content fields, such as chat,
on a sustained basis that had previously only been
occasionally available. Some content will be completely new
including subscriber videos. Taken together, the new
Facebook collection will provide a robust SIGINT
opportunity against our targets - from geolocation based on
their IP addresses and user agent, to collection of all of
their private messages and profile information. Multiple
elements across NSA partnered to ensure the successful
delivery of this data. An NSA representative at FBI
coordinated the rapid development of the collection system;
SSO's PRINTAURA team wrote new software and made
configuration changes; CES modified their protocol
exploitation systems and the Technology Directorate fast-
tracked upgrades to their data presentation tools so that
OPIs could view the data properly.