LITHIUM (TS//SI//NF) BLARNEY'S covername for one of their corporate
partners. Need WPG ECI for company name

NODDY-3 (TS//SI//NF) FAIRVIEW'S covername for Coverage of Current
and Forecasted NRTM Circuits. The FAIRVIEW program is acquiring DNI
access (SAGUARO) from the Partner's DNI backbone which includes
OC-192 and 10GE peering circuits. The Partner has provided a
current view of the forecasted and equipped 10GE and OC-192 peering
circuits at the eight SNRCs as of March 2009. Based on the
information presented, by the end of 2009, the total number of
forecasted 10GE peering circuits at the SNRCs will be approximately
six times greater than OC-192 peering circuits. However, the growth
in 10GE circuits in 2009 is about 19 times greater than the
forecasted growth for OC-192 circuits. As these additional links
become active it is imperitive that FAIRVIEW have the ability and
the agility to follow SIGINT targets of interest. This action will
provide 100% coverage of the 2009 forecasted 10GE and OC-192 links.
This broad coverage approach is a key part of a larger effort to
recast the FAIRVIEW DNI router access to be more agile and more
high-value intelligence focused as part of the program's effort to
provide broad access, continuous survey and focused collection.

SAGURA (TS//SI//NF) DNI access from FAIRVIEW'S Partner's DNI
backbone which includes OC-192 and 10GE peering circuits. The
Partner has provided a current view of the forecasted and equipped
10GE and OC-192 peering circuits at the eight SNRCs as of March
2009. Based on the information presented, by the end of 2009, the
total number of forecasted 10GE peering circuits at the SNRCs will
be approximately six times greater than OC-192 peering circuits.
However, the growth in 10GE circuits in 2009 is about 19 times
greater than the forecasted growth for OC-192 circuits. As these
additional links become active it is imperitive that FAIRVIEW have
the ability and the agility to follow SIGINT targets of interest.
This action will provide 100% coverage of the 2009 forecasted 10GE
and OC-192 links. This broad coverage approach is a key part of a
larger effort to recast the FAIRVIEW DNI router access to be more
agile and more high-value intelligence focused as part of the
program's effort to provide broad access, continuous survey and
focused collection.

SLIVER (TS//SI//NF) SLIVER is a proof-of-concept (POC) is an
effort to enable cross-mission (CNO) collaborative capabilities in a
global setting. Under the SLIVER initiative, passive IP sensor
nodes will be deployed at two CONUS sites and two OCONUS sites.

These nodes will be fed by a small amount of traffic volume. The
CONUS nodes will support both Lithium commercial network security
functions, as well as SIGINT and SIGINT-enabled CND applications

(i.e., end-point characterization data and IP flow data). Within
the SLIVER timeframe, due to OPSEC constraints, the OCONUS nodes
will only be configured to support Lithium commercial network
security functions — any Lithium-derived metadata from the OCONUS
nodes will be sent to FAIRVIEW's centralized processing facility
(PINECONE), under applicable SIGINT authority, for analysis and
exploitation. In addition to these passive sensor nodes, active
commercial security nodes will also be deployed at both the CONUS
and OCONUS sites and used commercially in order to provide essential
mission cover.

SORA-2

(TS//SI//NF) IP Access Expansion effort for FAIRVIEW. One of the
areas of FAIRVIEW's DNI backbone access (Saguaro) that has not yet
been sufficiently exploited is the access side of the Common
Backbone (CBB) network. The major reason for this is the sheer
number of access links - tens of thousands - which would make 100%
coverage prohibitively expensive. One way to overcome this
constraint is to monitor uplinks out of the access routers toward
CBB backbone or aggregation routers. Even so, the number of uplinks
is still numerous, requiring an additional selection/prioritization
strategy. Lithium, in concert with ODD, developed a strategy that
rank orders access routers using several different metrics, such as
the following:	PRI Value, Country Value, PAA Value, CD Value and

CCCD Value. The top eight router uplinks, as outlined in the
attached proposal, have been analyzed and deemed of high SIGINT
interest. Therefore, we are requesting approval to deploy
monitoring on these uplinks.