Page 143

(S//SI) BLARNEY Team Provides Outstanding Support to Enable
UN Security Council Collection

(TS//SI//NF) With the UN vote on sanctions against Iran
approaching and several countries riding the fence on
making a decision. Ambassador Rice reached out to NSA
requesting SIGINT on those countries so that she could
develop a strategy. With the requirement that this be done
rapidly and within our legal authorities, the BLARNEY team
jumped in to work with organizations and partners both
internal and external to NSA.

(TS//SI//NF) As OGC, SV and the TOPIs aggressively worked
through the legal paperwork to expedite four new NSA FISA
court orders for Gabon, Uganda, Nigeria and Bosnia, BLARNEY
Operations Division personnel were behind the scenes
gathering data determining what survey information was
available or could be obtained via their long standing FBI
contacts. As they worked to obtain information on both the
UN Missions in NY and the Embassies in DC, the target
development team greased the skids with appropriate data
flow personnel and all preparations were made to ensure
data could flow to the TOPIs as soon as possible. Several
personnel, one from legal team and one from target
development team were called in on Saturday 22 May to
support the 24 hour drill legal paperwork exercise doing
their part to ensure the orders were ready for the NSA
Director's signature early Monday morning 24 May.

(S//SI) With OGC and SV pushing hard to expedite these four
orders, they went from the NSA Director for signature to
DoD for SECDEF signature and then to DOJ for signature by
the FISC judge in record time. All four orders were signed
by the judge on Wednesday 26 May! Once the orders were
received by the BLARNEY legal team, they sprung into action
parsing these four orders plus another "normal" renewal in
one day. Parsing five court orders in one day - a BLARNEY
record! As the BLARNEY legal team was busily parsing court
orders the BLARNEY access management team was working with
the FBI to pass tasking information and coordinate the
engagement with telecommunications partners.