Page 116

(TS//SI//NF) Expanding PRISM Sharing With FBI and CIA
By | NAMi.Rtt>AfiM3 1 on 2012-08-31 0947

(TS//SI//NF) Special Source Operations (SSO) has recently
expanded sharing with the Federal, Bureau of Investigations
(FBI) and the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) on PRISM
operations via two projects. Through these efforts, SSO has
created an environment of sharing and teaming across the
Intelligence Community on PRISM operations. First, SSO's
printaura team solved a problem for the Signals
Intelligence Directorate (SID) by writing software which
would automatically gather a list of tasked PRISM selectors
every two weeks to provide to the FBI and CIA. This enables
our partners to see which selectors the National Security
Agency (NSA) has tasked to PRISM. The FBI and CIA then can
request a copy of prism collection from any selector, as
allowed under the 2003 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act (FISA) Amendments Act law. Prior to PRINTAURA*s work,
SID had been providing the FBI and CIA with incomplete and
inaccurate lists, preventing our partners from making full
use of the prism program, printaura volunteered to gather
the detailed data related to each selector from multiple
locations and assemble it in a usable form. In the second
project, the PRISM Mission Program Manager (MPM) recently
began sending operational PRISM news and guidance to the
FBI and CIA so that their analysts could task the PRISM
system properly, be aware of outages and changes, and
optimize their use of PRISM. The mpm coordinated an
agreement from the SID Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act Amendments Act (FAA) Team to share this information
weekly, which has been well-received and appreciated. These
two activities underscore the point that PRISM is a team
sport!