DYNAMIC PAGE - HIGHEST POSSIBLE CLASSIFICATION IS TOP SECRET // SI / TK // REL TO USA AUS CAN GBR NZL		
		
Welcome! Friday. 09 Nov 2012		

•	Web search

•	Agency-all Emails

•	SID-all Emails

•	NSA Rolodex

•	SCQAWK: The SID Mailbag

•	SIDtoday Blog

•	SIDtoday Series

•	SIGINT Worldwide VTC

•	SIDtoday Article

•	Letter to the Editor

•	SIGINT-y Social Media Page

(C) The International Security Issues Build-Out
FROM:

Global Capabilities Manager. ISI (S2C)

Run Date: 05/17/2006

(C) As the Analysis & Production Mission Build Out
Strategy was originally envisioned. International
Security Issues (ISI) mission was to remain primarily
based in Washington. However, as other product line
mission plans began to mature, opportunities for ISI
to expand its mission capabilities opened. Planning is
underway that will involve ISI participation in build-
out activities with NSA/CSS Georgia. NSA/CSS
Hawaii. NSA/CSS Texas and the European Security
Command. The ISI mission is further extended by its
relationships with F6 and Second and Third Party
foreign partners that provide valuable analytic
insights as well as their technical capabilities.

(U) NSA Washington Mission

(U) Regional

(TS//SI) ISI is responsible for 13 individual nation
states in three continents. One significant tie that
binds all these countries together is their impoitance
to U.S. economic, trade, and defense concerns. The
Western Europe and Strategic Partnerships division
primarily focuses on foreign policy and trade
activities of Belgium. France. Germany. Italy, and
Spain, as well as Brazil. Japan and Mexico. The
division reporting also provides some key
intelligence on military and intelligence activities in
some of these countries. The Aegean and Ukraine
division works all aspects of tlie Turkish target -
diplomatic, govemmental/leadership. military and
intelligence.

(U) Transnational

(S) Build-Out Support to Counterterrorism and
Combating Proliferation

(S//SI) Today. ISI is actively partnering with the
Combating Proliferation (CP. S2G) and
Counterterrorism (CT. S2I) product lines to
incorporate financial intelligence analysis into their
mission build-out plans. The idea is to integrate
financial analysis with traditional target efforts as
opposed to working the target from two separate
perspectives, as is done in NSA Washington. ISI's
long-term goal is to introduce financial analysis as
pan of the Intelligence Analysis curriculum so any
target can be enriched with the use of financial
intelligence. The first CP FTM-trained analyst arrives
at NSA Texas in June. NSA Hawaii's CT effort has
several analysts who partner with FTM on select
Southeast Asia counterterrorism targets.

(U//FOUO) NSA Texas

Comments/Suggestions about tliis article?

	
	"(U//FOUO) SIDtoday articles may not be republished or reposted outside NSAXet without the consent of S0121 (DLsid_comms>.”
	
	
	
	DYNAMIC PAGE - HIGHEST POSSIBLE CLASSIFICATION IS  TOP SECRET // SI / TK // REL TO USA AUS CAN GBR NZL  DERIVED FROM: NSA/CSSM 1-52. DATED OS JAN 2007